# Review-Text-Data-Mining

Reviews have been a useful tool in education field. Instructors could use student peer reviews to improve students' performance. Researches show connection between different features in peer reviews to the achievement of students. Here we try to discover the features in product reviews especially text book reviews, and find the connection between product review and self reported performance change.

## Features in peer reviews
Peer assessment is a widely used practice that holds considerable benefit for student learning. It allows students to receive feedback from multiple sources and learn by seeing how their peers approach the same work.  It also trains students to in how to provide useful suggestions for performance improvement.
Previous work has catalogued the features of as praise, problem, solution, mitigation, neutrality, localization, and, summary. Praise points out good aspects of the work and can be used to both increase motivation and help students to identify their strengths. This makes students more receptive to criticism, since pointing both the positive and negative aspects of the work gives the impression of fairness and objectivity. Problem is used to identify a shortcoming of the work. If the problem is not explicitly stated, the writer may not know what the problem actually is and so, including a problem in the feedback is expected to help students to identify the weaknesses and address them. Solution is defined as a comment that suggests a method to deal with a problem. Including solutions as a part of formative feedback helps students to act on the feedback. Mitigation softens the review by making the criticisms sound less harsh. Mitigated suggestions improve the author’s perception of the reviewer’s likability and personal integrity, and thus increases the chance that the author will act on the feedback. Localization refers to pinpointing the source or location of the problem and/or solution. This draws the author’s attention to the problem and makes it easier to act on the feedback. Neutrality means that the feedback is matter-of-fact, without language that would indicate personal preference such as approval or antagonism. Summary indicates that the review summarizes some part of the work. Summarizing a work can serve as a quality control on the review, because it can show whether the reviewer understands the work.

## Features in book reviews
Book review, as a product review, naturally could extract similar features as peer reviews. We plan to explore the feature distribution, and find the relationship between book reviews to self reported performance change. 
In this way, we want to help identify what features in a book, or methods of using the book, would help achieve a better performance. And contribute to learning strategies. 
